Walk through of Fundamentals section (#115401)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/fundamentals/how-to-create-delete-users.md

## Delete a user

> You can delete an existing user using the [Azure](https://portal.azure.com/) portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete an existing user using the [Microsoft Entra admin center](https://entra.microsoft.com/).
```
